# Paper Replication Materials
This directory includes all materials for replicating the `torch-choice` paper.
Readers are expected to have `torch-choice` and dependencies properly installed before running the replication materials.
Please refer to the installation guideline page for more details.

**Download benchmark datasets**: we put the benchmark datasets in a separate location to minimize the size of `torch-choice` Github repository. The data directory contains several pickled files (`*.pt`, can be read using `torch.load(...)`) for Python and CSV files for R (`*.csv`), they contain exactly the same information generated by the notebook `simulated_datasets.ipynb`. The entire data directory is about 10GiB, and it is available on Google drive [here](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1gUnS9MGXMsm1pkDY9Seulh5ec5QV6hgu?usp=sharing).

**To Run Python Benchmarks**: `run_torch_choice.py` is the single script for running six benchmarks using `torch-choice`, it will run exactly one benchmark once based on the input argument.
You would need to change the `DATA_PATH` variable in the script to the location where you put the benchmark datasets.
Please use the command in `run_torch_choice.sh` to run the benchmarks.

**To Run R Benchmarks**: `run_logit_*.R` are R scripts to run the benchmarks in `R`.
You would need to change the `setwd` command in the script to the location where you put the benchmark datasets.
Please use commands in `submit_benchmark_slurm.sh` to run the benchmarks.

**Reproduce Figures in the Paper**: please run the `visualize_performance_benchmarks.ipynb` to generate figures in the paper. You can set the `REPORT_RATIO` variable in the notebook to change the Y-axis. The Y-axis can either report the relative time (i.e., the time of the algorithm divided by the time of the baseline case) or the absolute time (i.e., the time of the algorithm). The notebook will generate figures in the `figures` directory.